feat: expose current container to templates (#758)
jwilder/docker-gen: README.md

// Host environment variables accessible from root in templates as .Env
```

> The root also exposes `.CurrentContainer`, the `RuntimeContainer` of the docker-gen container itself (or `nil` if it cannot be determined). Like `.Docker`, it is resolved separately from the container list and does not appear in the containers the templates iterate over, so it stays available even when `-only-exposed`/`-only-published` filters the docker-gen container out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root also exposes `.CurrentContainer`, the `RuntimeContainer` of the docker-gen container itself (or `nil` if it cannot be determined). Like `.Docker`, it is resolved independently from the container list, so it remains available even when `-only-exposed`/`-only-published` would filter the docker-gen container out; depending on filters, it may also be present in the containers the templates iterate over.
```
